the three victims were part of a CXS
subscribe to my face D I know you want
some coins to you keifa and get your
coins may get out even if you bro can
you mad maybe just use mom and you'll
get two coils maybe hi ladies and
gentlemen and welcome to how to win
every game in FIFA like accounts yes
after watching this video you won't be
able to win every single game but you're
not gonna use the you know the best way
like the the cool way no you have to be
accounts so basically for to do this you
need something stops okay best of all
you need some points if you don't have
the coins good cheat if I use mom for a
percent up and after you have the coins
you have to build a sweaty squad for me
I chose this squad this twat has paste
strength sweats everything you want okay
you spies no culture maybe fifty
something anyway you just just hot just
put you know stretchy squad I don't know
which one you have one use it's okay and
then choose the sweatiest players in the
squad and put them on attribute cut
raffle for me I'm gonna try to to do
those people okay just choose the
sweatiest core eight players you have in
the squad and put them on a card we
don't care we just don't care cause
surely at the new card yes who else
attribute cars bro who else
attributes ah
[Music]
attributes ladies and gentlemen I don't
care who else attributes bro I know you
want to stay right but let's go cuadrado
no I'm not gonna put more attributes God
ladies and gentlemen surely attribute
card bro I don't care
anyway I think we done now here we go
now that's your team is double sweats
you go to the game for the next step
right now I actually feel sorry for this
guy he got a seminal Asian team but he
don't know what is gonna happen to him
right now
may God forgive me for my sins so after
I choose the sweaty team after to demo
attribute God after you answer game the
next step is score a goal of course you
wanna win a game you can't win a game
without scoring it doesn't make sense
let's try to score a goal yes that's it
we scroll with our sweaty disgusting
actual players
now let's go to the next step after you
score just get the ball we add a six
minutes you know what you have to do now
just pass the ball on the back like
accounts that you are pass the ball of
the back for 84 minutes please don't cry
but we don't care just pass the bar at
the back
[Music]
you can even score again it is just too
easy like this is unfair can we all take
a few moments of silence in memory of
how a friend who raised pits after
suffering let's try another game to toe
stretch the players on attribute cards
look for a game if only he knew if only
he knew what is going to happen to him
touches places for me you will not to
miss Carla please go to the right please
please good yes yes that's it is he like
a banana is like a banana now he's going
to suffer
[Music]
he hurts now if you if you very mean
like setzen you can pack the boss and
then pay at the back I'm sorry I'm sorry
guys I'm sorry you you want to go to
Division one in three days use my metal
I call it the mommy glitch you like it
drip relax ladies and gentleman I hope
you enjoyed this video this is the only
method okay you can be a pro no being a
pro is not in this game okay you know
that this game is broken this is the
only way for you to go to the top of the
mountain in three days I hope you enjoy
serious stuff guys I'm accounts
[Music]